Box model guide incorrectly mentions flexbox (#33891)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/the_box_model/index.md

Where this can be useful is when you want to give a link a larger hit area by adding `padding`. `<a>` is an inline element like `<span>`; you can use `display: inline-block` to allow padding to be set on it, making it easier for a user to click the link.

> You see this fairly frequently in navigation bars. The navigation below is displayed in a row and we have added padding to the `<a>` element as we want to be able to change the `background-color` when the `<a>` is hovered. The padding appears to overlap the border on the `<ul>` element. This is because the `<a>` is an inline element.

Reviewer: Thank you for the suggestion. The code for the example is using flexbox.

https://mdn.github.io/css-examples/learn/box-model/inline-block-nav.html

Not all of the CSS is displayed in the editable portion displayed in the page. The page includes the following CSS, that is not visible to the reader.

```css
      ul {
        display: flex;
        list-style: none;
        margin: 0;
        padding: 0;
        border: 1px solid #000;
      }
      li {
        margin: 5px;
      }
```

maybe the following suggestion makes this clearer:

```suggestion
You see this fairly frequently in navigation bars. The navigation below is an {{htmlelement("ul")}} with `display:flex` set in the background, to display all the {{htmlelement("li")}}s  in a row. Within each `<li>` flex item, we have added padding to the `<a>` element as we want to be able to change the `background-color` when the `<a>` is hovered. The padding appears to overlap the border on the `<ul>` element. This is because the `<a>` is an inline element.
```
